(DOCSP-24159) Adds note that users with >500 orgs must filter results (#59)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/includes/fact-more-than-500-orgs.rst

.. note::

   If you have access to more than 500 organizations, you must
   type the organization ID or the organization name to filter the

>    results before using the arrows to select an organization.

Reviewer: **Style Nit:** See [Clarify Gerund and Participles](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/writing/clarify-gerunds-participles/)

```suggestion
   results before you use the arrows to select an organization.
```
